DOC-2118 feat(tgcloud4): Cloud v4 major doc update (still beta) (#82)
tigergraph/cloud-docs: modules/cloud/modules/support/pages/faqs.adoc

=== *Q: What methods do you support for importing data?*

> A: We support Amazon S3 import, Google Cloud Storage,  and local file upload through GraphStudio. Spark loading is available through our open source JDBC Driver. See https://github.com/tigergraph/ecosys/tree/master/tools/etl[https://github.com/tigergraph/ecosys/tree/master/etl]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: We support loading data from Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, and local files through GraphStudio. Spark loading is available through our open-source JDBC Driver. See https://github.com/tigergraph/ecosys/tree/master/tools/etl[https://github.com/tigergraph/ecosys/tree/master/etl]
```
